This is a project that will create an accounting and logging system for my trading business.  
Previously, I utilized MS Excel to log trades and conduct simple accounting.  
However, Excel has limitations and is not very scalable.  
The goal is to automate this process to the fullest extent possible and have all of the trade logs 
and accounting information in a relational database that is accessible, scalable, searchable, flexible, 
and limits manual entry.  This project will start very simple by utilizing python and sqlite3.  
The project will grow over time to incorporate more sophisticated databases such as postgreSQL 
and web applications (e.g. Flask and Django). 


Phase 0: The goal of phase 0 is to evaluate the underlying data that you will need to extract, transform, and load (ETL). 
The .csv files from your broker are the tools and data sources you will need to evaluate. 
1. Examine and assess the data structure and formats since this will guide the design of the relational database. 
2. Write out the process. 


Phase I: The goal of phase I is to create the basic structure of the database. 
Python and sqlite3 / postgreSQL are the two primary tools for this phase. 
1. Create a git repository called "trade accounting and log system" and the associated files.
2. Create a visual layout of the ETL process.  
3. Use python to create the database, tables, datatypes, etc. 
4. The database is in development mode during this stage.
5. Create the database_dev_mode.py and the logs_metrics_app_dev_mode.py file.
6. Create the first three tables: activity_log, brokers, and time_log.
7. Test input data into the these first three tables using the logs_metrics_app_dev_mode.py. 


Phase II: The goal of phase II is to create the relations between the tables that will produce the output. 
Sqlite3 and / or postgreSQL are the primary tools for this phase. 
1. The database_dev_mode.py file is still in development during this stage.
2. Build your foreign key relationships.
3. Insert dummy data and test the output.


Phase III: The goal of phase III is to build the initial Extract, Transform, and Load (ETL) process.
Python will be the primary tool for this phase. 
Use Pandas and / or the csv library modules.
1. Download some sample .csv files.
2. Create a program to format the .csv files for the desired output and ingest the .csv files into the database. 
3. Perform the necessary testing to ensure everything works properly. 
