This is a basic description of the data sources.  

There are four data sources taken from various brokers.  All of the data is in the form of .csv files.   I will need to adapt my design layout to fit the data format.  

The essential data should contain the following items:
entry / exit date and time
trade details (market / asset)
buy / sell
trade size
open price
close price
realized P/L
conversion rate (for FX)
trade P/L (for FX)
commission
fees
carry trade (for FX)
spread cost 

Observations
1. There are some transactions that will open in one month and close in another month. You can match the 
transactions up before placing them into the DB, or sort and match within the DB, or do both.  

FX Broker Data
1. The .csv file is in a clean format.
2. Note when you download the .csv file it automatically removes the header.  
3. I manually inserted the header data for planning and programming purposes.
4. The .csv file contains all of the essential data.
5. Each trade can be easily tracked and logged by the opening and closing serial numbers.
6. There are edge cases where the open / close transaction ids are not unique.  
7. Create your own unique key due to the possibility of identical transaction ids. 

Equity Options Broker Data 1:
1. The data is accessible in .csv files and it is clean.
2. The transactions data has most of the data necessary and can be dowloaded as a .csv file.  
3. The transactions data do not contain the gross and net gain loss so this will need to be calculated in the program. 
4. The transactions do contain the time format HH:mm but the time does not download to the .csv files.  
5. Similar to the fx data the open / close transactions are not matched so you will need to match them in the program.
6. You will need to find a solution to match the options expiration with the correct open transaction.
7. You will need to add a debit / credit column to the table as a single column.    
8. There are miscellaneous categories in the transaction data (miscellaneous, interest credit, journal entry credit)

Equity Options Broker Data 2:
1. The default monthly statement is accessible as a.csv file but the format is not clean. 
2. The fields and rows of the default monthly statement are not organized in a logical fashion.  
3. You will need to write a program to extract, clean and organize the data. 
4. The relevant rows in the default .csv monthly statement are labeled with trades and have all of the necessary data. 

Futures / Options on Futures Broker Data
1. The data is only accessible via .pdf files.  
2. I will need to find a solution to convert it into an .xls or .csv format.
3. See the following link for a possible solution https://opensource.com/article/21/12/edit-pdf-linux-pdftk 
